Update MQTT communication in ReadMe (#358)
equinor/isar: README.md

ISAR_MQTT_ENABLED = true
```

> The connection to the broker will be determined by the following configuration values specified in ```settings.env```

Reviewer: I think the previous text is better here, as the variables have default values defined in the [settings.py](https://github.com/equinor/isar/tree/main/src/isar/config/settings.py) file

Author: In practice default values are specified in settings.env since the environment overwrite settings.py, but I will modify to include both in text.

```
ISAR_MQTT_USERNAME
ISAR_MQTT_HOST
ISAR_MQTT_PORT
```

> To specify broker password, setup a .env file with the following environment variable:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To specify broker password, add the following environment variable to a .env file in the root of the repository:
```
